Joseph Torres
996202666
jdtorres@ucdavis.edu

General Instructions and Information:

    Type "make" to compile. This program was intended to create two instances of Bezier curves and two instances of B-Spline
    curves and several design elements reflect this. However, only the Bezier curve portion is working; these will appear on the left
    side of the primary viewing window. To run, enter "p4" followed by the four desired resolutions of the two Beziers and two
    B-Splines in the range [0, 1.0]. For example, "p4 0.1 0.1 0.1 0.1".

    The Bezier splines that appear are based on the control points specified in the input file, "inputfile.txt". The control point
    coordinates lie in the range [-500.0, 500.0] and are normalized in the program. This range can be changed by modifying the #define
    macro NORM. The Casteljau algorithm is implemented in lines 110-132.

    In addition to the curves, the corresponding control polygon (pink) and x and y axis (blue) will be displayed. Matching control
    polygons appear on the right, but as stated, the relevant B-Splines were not finished.

Input File Format:

    The first entry is the number of Beziers (fixed at 2). The next two sets of numbers begin with the number of control points followed
    by the coordinates of the points themselves.

    The next number in the file is the number of B-Splines (fixed at 2). The next two sets of numbers feature the k number (order),
    the number of control points, and the points themselves.

Bezier Manipulation Instructions: 

    Right clicking on any of the four windows displays a menu to insert, delete, or modify any of that curve's control point. Of course,
    only the menus of the left side sub-windows will function.

    Choosing insert will cause the terminal to prompt the user for the X and Y coordinates to add the the end of the control point list.
    These entries are expected to be on the order of [-500.0, 500.0] and will be normalized after input.

    Choosing delete will cause the terminal to present and enumerate the control points as they currently stand, and prompt the user for
    the number of the control point they would like to delete.

    Choosing modify will also cause the terminal to present and enumerate the control points as they currently stand, and prompt the user
    for the number of the control point they would like to modify as well as the revised x and y coordinates.

    Any and all changes made via insertion, deletion, or modification will cause the Bezier and B-Spline information to be written to the
    file "output.txt".
